fix(channels): use streamUntilIdle so background tasks complete (#16163) (#16343)
mastra-ai/mastra: .changeset/fix-channel-stream-until-idle-16163.md

---
"@mastra/core": patch
---

Fixed channel handlers so background tasks finish before responses are posted.

The channel handler was calling `agent.stream()`, which closes as soon as the
model finishes generating text. Any `agent.backgroundTask()` calls scheduled
during the turn were silently abandoned before they could complete.

> Switch the call site to `agent.streamUntilIdle()` so the channel waits for all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switch the call site to use `untilIdle: true` so the channel waits for all
```
